First, I explored any possible influence that different release dates might have on revenue. I performed some simple 
A/B testing to compare the seasons to each other, determining that summer tends to outrank the other seasons on profitability, with a p score of 
0.17 compared to winter (the lowest season). 

Using the same logic, I subsetted movies release around the timeline of major holidays in the U.S. and cross-tabulated how profitable movies 
were when released right before these major holiday seasons. These results surprised me, as they indicated that movies released around July 4th and
Christmas performed significantly better than movies released around other holidays - in fact, movies released around Valentine's Day, Halloween, 
and Thanksgiving tended to *underperform* when compared to the average movie release date. 

Using the same paired t-tests, I compared the movies with an "Actor Score" (derived value of the count of famous actors obtained by matching the 
listed actors with the top 100 actors of all time) of 1, 2, and 3 with those with a score of 0. The median profitability for each subset were 
compared, and it was determined that movies with more famous actors are generally more profitable, with the largest marginal increase between 
0 and 1 famous actors. Thus, it appears that having even a little starpower can have a great effect on movie profitability, though the mediating 
factor here could be a larger budget, considering that it takes a bigger budget to support famous actors.

A similar test showed that having a director score of anything greater than 0 (score this time was based on a tiered system matching with the top 
50 directors of all time, with the top 10 most famous receiving the highest director score of 5, the next ten receiving a 4, the next ten receiving
a 3, etc.), though the effect of whether a director was in the top 10 vs. the top 50 didn't seemed to matter significantly in the bottom line.

Another visual exploratory analysis compared whether runtimes might be distributed differently between movies considered "successful" vs. movies
that could be considered financially "unsuccessful". Movies were compiled according to whether they had a profitability ratio of 1 and above or not. 
These sets were then plotted across multiple variables to notice differences in spread. When runtimes were plotted on the x axis, there was a 
slight difference in distributions, with more successful movies tending to be shorter in length. Using the same distribution analysis, I 
created an exploratory plot comparing the distribution of budget size relative to profitability, possibly suggesting that bigger budget movies 
tend to be more successful than smaller budget ones.

